Console 5/25 Release Notes (#780)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/v7/release_notes.md

</Callout>

#### {{ PORTAL }} - May 25, 2023

##### Rules UI Updates

- Add Condition for Response - Status Code
- Add Optimize Images feature
- Add support for matching on request path extension and directory conditions
- EdgeJS deploy should update hostnames

> - AI. Parsing error on rule: ‘deny access for all countries under sanctions’

Author: ```suggestion
- AI Parsing error on rule: ‘deny access for all countries under sanctions’
```

##### General Updates

- Add 3rd-party disclaimer to AI prompts
- Allow user to diff any pair of environment versions
- Support for bulk import multiple environment variables

> - "You are not authorized to perform this operation" occurs after creating new team/property/deployment

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed "You are not authorized to perform this operation" error after creating new team/property/deployment
```

> - 500 Internal Server Error while creating new property under team

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed "500 Internal Server Error" while creating new property under team
```

- Deploying EdgeJS after WebUI changes the nature of the previous build
- Core Web Vitals - Google Tag Manager guide renders "Something went wrong" message

> - "Can`t be blank" error while promoting Web UI deployment to any env

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed "Can't be blank" error while promoting Web UI deployment to any env
```
